- Why do 20,000 people follow you?
- Let's talk about that.
Why do 20,000 people follow me?
Why do 10,000 people follow you?
Why am I twice as important as you on the internet?
That's the question.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
- Did you have like a big period of growth?
'Cause for me, it was like years of like pretty much
like just, you know, 20% increases every month or whatever.
And that's slowly compounded.
And it grew a lot since January
'cause I've been doing a lot more online,
but yeah, it wasn't like explosive growth.
I think it was like really slow growth.
- Yeah, mine was, I mean, I've had Twitter
for like 15 years or whatever, 13 year, whatever it is,
since the beginning.
But I didn't really use it until like maybe a year
and a half ago.
Like I didn't actually tweet.
I just read stuff.
- It's more than a year and a half ago
because the first DM you sent me is gonna be on Saturday,
the Saturday or this Friday, two years.
- Oh, wow.
- Our DM, our DM anniversary.
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- Okay, so I was using it.
Okay, so yeah, whenever I would have had you
on eight of this FM, I guess I was probably getting started
being active on Twitter.
- Yeah.
- I would say like, I have 20,000 people to follow me
because of like six tweets.
So like, there was one tweet that took me from like 100 to 1000.
And then there was another tweet
and it was like, I went to 3,000 off that one.
It's like, I never really grew outside of some big ones.
So all of my following follows me for a different reason.
They're in like five different categories
and they hate everything I tweet
and I wish I didn't have a following at all.
(laughing)
- Maybe you just start over and have a tighter personality.
- I guess I could, a tighter personality.
I feel like I do have a tighter personality now, but--
- Yeah, the baggage.
- I do, I think I have like, yeah, the baggage.
I just like, there's multiples of my following
that I don't deserve.
I should be at like 1,000 and that would be good.
I'd be a healthy following.
- I've told you about my Twitter history, right?
Like how I had to stop for a while and then restart it again?
- No.
- Okay, so--
- I'm addicted?
Go ahead.
- No, it was actually, it's a kind of a fine situation.
So like years ago, I don't know how many years ago,
maybe like 2017, I'll say.
That's kind of when I first started to really use it.
And I was using it every day and I was like,
kind of in a certain bubble.
It actually wasn't tech Twitter.
It was like, I don't know, I don't know what it is.
It was adjacent to tech Twitter for sure.
I think it was like less on the engineering side
and more on just tech in general or like startups, et cetera.
- Yeah.
- And I was like using it pretty frequently.
I got to a point where that guy,
I think I mentioned this to you before, that guy,
oh no, I did tell you this
'cause I said that guy in the vault followed me
and you kept saying navel.
- Oh yeah.
(laughing)
- Navel.
- Yeah, so--
- Like the orange.
- Yeah, or like the ocean forces, military navel.
- Oh, navel, yeah, yeah.
(laughing)
- So he at one point retweeted something of mine
when he has like crazy following.
So they got huge amount of lights
out of huge amount of followers from that.
And I was like, oh, it was really cool.
And then something kept happening to the app on my phone
where it would just stop working.
Like I would use it and it would just be super slow
or like it just like wouldn't be loading at all.
And then if I uninstalled it and reinstalled it,
it would work for like a day
and then it would just stop working again.
And that friction just made it so I just stopped,
I just started to stop using Twitter just overnight,
basically 'cause it just--
- Do you run like arch Linux on your phone?
What's wrong with you?
- No.
(laughing)
- So I was just like, this is so annoying
but I never prioritized fixing it.
So I just kind of slowly just like weaned off it.
And then at some point I realized there's some like
super deep hidden setting in Android
that lets you like turn off internet access
for a specific app.
And I don't know how, but it kept getting turned on.
So I literally was off Twitter for a year and a half
until I unflipped that and I figured out what was going on.
And then I started using it again.
- Wow.
- That's when you were using it again.
And that's how we met.
And then like I got more into--
- Rest is history. - Yeah, exactly.
So if, yeah, if I ever need to like kick my Twitter addiction
that's got to turn on that setting
and just makes it so frustrating to use it.
Well, I have to have someone secretly turn it on
so I don't know what's going on.
- I've never heard of that.
Yeah, I never had issues.
I just never, for years I would tweet like once
every other year and I mean that was for 10 years.
It was like, I could never understand how people had
like the idea to like, I'm gonna write this
on like a public forum.
Like just sharing things about what's going on
was just so foreign to me.
And I would look at people who had like thousands of tweets,
not followers, like they had tweeted thousands of times
and I just thought like, how in the world
have they tweeted 5,000 times?
And then it's like, that's just a tiny amount.
There's like people with 100,000 tweets.
And I just couldn't wrap my head around it.
And then eventually something clicked.
I don't know, I started actually engaging,
tweeting with people, you know,
replying to people or whatever.
And yeah, now I'm hooked.
I'm pretty hooked.
So first time anything's ever clicked for me on social.
- Yeah, I think for me that first phase,
it was really like, I always wanted to get better
at writing and before the outlet for that was,
oh, write a blog post, which I just never did.
It was just so much upfront work.
And like just a barrier to sitting down
writing like a full blog post a lot.
But I still wanted to get better at writing.
And what I liked about Twitter was the character limit
is like a nice little like training zone
for like learning how to write well
because you have to strip every unnecessary word.
You have to compress every complex thought
into like the fewest characters possible
while still like explaining it well.
And I think like doing that after like six months
like every day trying to like express my thoughts in that way,
I feel like I became so much better
at writing and expressing ideas.
It's kind of like, you suck at it for a while
then all of a sudden it just flips and you're like,
oh yeah, this is how you do it.
And you end up sounding more like really legit writers.
That's what they do.
They just like analyze every word
and like drop the ones that are just fluff.
Kill your darlings, I think they say.
Yeah.
Do you remember the 140 characters?
I don't even remember it at this point.
I can't believe it was that short at one point.
I know, that's intense.
Yeah.
And now there's no limit.
Well, it's like, is it 4,000 or something?
Something crazy.
I still impose artificial limits on myself.
I say that if I'm doing just a tweet on my own,
I'm sticking to a 280 limit.
Yeah.
If I'm replying to someone, I'll go over
'cause I'm like trying to like explain something in detail.
But, yeah, I've always liked that it forced you to compress.
I saw you say that on Twitter that you kind of have that look.
I think I intuitively did the same thing.
Like I wouldn't write like a first tweet that was like a big,
I saw somebody their day post like a whole blog post
on like a top tweet, like a top level tweet.
I thought that was interesting.
I don't know if that's going to be a thing.
I just never read them.
I had like formatting and everything.
Yeah, it's just, it's not the place I want to like sit down
and read for seven minutes in a row.
It feels very LinkedIn.
If I whenever I see screenshots of LinkedIn,
it's stuff like that.
Yeah, exactly.
But I do like in a reply when somebody has a tough question now,
you're not stuck like chaining ripple.
You can just like write a big blob
and it might be helpful to them.
I've seen you do that.
I like the idea that I could do it.
I haven't done it yet.
I mean, I'm not very helpful on the internet,
but it's a possible now.
There's nothing restricting me.
Yeah, I was worried that people would use it too much
and then my feed would just be these giant things.
But so far, no one's really using it too much.
So it hasn't been, hasn't been bad.
Yeah, I guess we're just talking about Twitter now.
I don't know how this happened, but did you see something?
I don't know if Elon Musk tweeted it.
Somebody tweeted that something about amount of time spent
looking at a tweet, like that's what drives
how much it'll get spread or something.
Wait, really?
I don't know.
Yeah, that's what somebody said.
Time spent.
Yeah, like how if you spend a lot of time looking at a tweet,
then that tweet is getting like some kind of a boost
from the algorithm.
So if I write a tweet where everything is spelled wrong
and people are like trying to like,
shortly gonna read it or like it's really confusing,
that will go viral.
Maybe, maybe.
I do feel like there's something with misspellings
that people have caught in the past.
I don't know if this is a new change
and I don't know why I brought it up
'cause I just don't care.
That is interesting.
But I brought it up 'cause we're talking about Twitter.
Okay, let's talk about something else.
Well, what are you doing technically?
Like what are you working on engineering wise?
What are you typing into your computer?
It's a great question, Dax.
So right now my default project is statins.
We're doing a rewrite, as you know, in Astro.
And, oh, we gotta talk about CloudFront.
That's related to my statinies work.
That's my default project.
I want after vacation to get back on rebase,
but that's what I wanna answer right now.
But I can't 'cause it's not true.
I'm not technically writing it into my computer right now,
but it's top of mind.
We're working on some stuff.
We've got some music coming.
I also wanna say that I'm working on Laravel stuff right now,
but I'm not.
You want to say.
I wanna say, you're not answering my question at all.
I asked what you were doing
and you're just giving me your hopes and dreams.
(laughs)
It really is.
If I'm being honest,
I've been in a bit of a heavy non-technical phase here
since we wrapped up the statinies.
We had a big push like doing a paywall on the Elixir app
that is the existing statinies app.
That was, it was hard.
It was like the first time I've pushed hard in like five years.
(laughs)
And by pushed hard, I just mean like,
I mean, I still work the same hours mostly.
I just, I didn't take a lot of purpose.
- No, I know what this means.
It means it's just so funny.
It's so clear what you mean by pushed hard
because what you were normally doing was spending
half the day on Twitch talking to chat.
- Okay, okay.
- And then you just removed that part of it
and you went back to being a normal person
and relatively that's pushing hard these days.
- It was hard, okay?
It was hard on me and my family.
- No, I get it.
I am in the same place, so.
(laughs)
- Yeah.
So it's been like, it's been less, less of that.
- More of this.
- Are you guys close?
'Cause you guys are rewriting the whole site in Astro,
which I'm really excited by
'cause I think it's gonna be
maybe the biggest traffic Astro site potentially
that's gonna be out there.
'Cause Astro's still pretty new.
- Yeah.
- So you guys will be like a great,
one, a great case study for them
and then two, since it's being deployed through SST
and a great one for us as well.
And it's like such a good use case.
Like it's for like a company that has like a ton of traffic
with like real users using it, like it makes money,
using a new tech and it's gonna be all serverless.
And now the Stelwell Revaldate thing came out,
which is, I think you guys are gonna use that a lot, right?
- Yeah, just hope it all works, you know?
Just having this moment where I'm like,
this is all gonna work, right?
- A lot, that's.
- It's gonna have to get, yeah, it's like,
it's not that SST's not gonna work.
It's just like, gotta make sure limits, you know?
Like quotas are all in place to handle the kind of load
for page, just normal pages to be hit.
'Cause I don't know, Lambda Invocation limits.
There's a lot of different limits involved.
I don't think we're gonna have any problems.
I think we can get it all sorted out.
We're gonna have to like figure out a way
to load test it and make sure.
But yeah, we do something like, I don't know,
50 million uniques now a month.
We've grown like crazy every month for the last year.
It's definitely gonna be one of the bigger astrocytes.
I talked to Fred about it and he said,
he wanted to do like a case study or something.
Like it's gonna be a big moment.
- Yeah.
- I'm excited, but yeah, we're close.
I'd say we're like 80% in terms of the UI,
like stuff that needs to be there.
And then so there's like 20% left on that,
but then there's all the other stuff.
Like I said, load testing, we gotta be sure
that this thing's not gonna fall over.
There's other like weird stuff like analytics
and all these stupid things I have to port over
that I forget about all the time.
But like the bulk of the app is written
like the front end stuff.
Yeah, we're getting close.
- Yeah, do you have an idea of how you're gonna roll it over?
Like, you know, like slowly, is it like an A/B thing
where people slowly move on to a new one?
- I don't know.
I haven't gotten that far.
I do know I want some way to prove like
with our current load that it all just works.
So that as we bring people over, there's not a big fear.
But yeah, I think gradually would be the way to do it.
Yeah, I hadn't thought about that
in terms of the new infrastructure in the old
and what it would look like to kind of phase it in.
- Yeah.
Another thing I like about this and it's kind of ties in
a little bit with something else on our end as well is
this was a rewrite, which is kind of a bad word
in the software engineering world.
Like you never do a rewrite, it's bad.
If you do a rewrite, you're gonna fail.
- Yeah.
- Now, like it's one of those things that
I think people still say in like a very absolute way.
But you're doing a rewrite from completely ground up.
Like you're not keeping, like it wasn't progressive.
It was, we're rewriting all of it
and I wanna switch over.
We did the same thing with ST 2.0 last year
and we flipped the switch in January.
And while I was rewriting it,
that was at the peak of like the rewrite controversy
because Elon Musk said Twitter needed to be rewritten
and everyone's like, I'm a real engineer
and I know that you should never rewrite things.
I was saying that and I was sitting there
just like rewriting every single line being like, okay,
everyone thinks I shouldn't be doing this.
But as of last week, the download,
'cause we switched with a new package name.
So we have like two separate charts.
The ST 2 package crossed the SST 1 package.
There's more people using the second one in the first one.
And that was five ish or so months.
So it like, yeah, of course there were some bumps
that happened, but you can pull off a rewrite.
It's not something you should do lightly
and it's definitely not like a novice thing.
Like I think you have to be pretty experienced
to like do something like that.
But sometimes it's just necessary.
Like you can't just keep stuff around
that's been around for super long.
And sometimes if you don't rewrite it,
like even the small parts you refactor,
like the bad parts grow faster
than the parts that you're fixing.
So sometimes you just got to do it.
- Yeah, I knew we needed to do it.
And everyone's bought in at Stat News
in terms of this being the right decision.
But I did feel weird ever saying so publicly
'cause it's the stigma.
It's like, I forgot about the Elon stuff with Twitter,
but I knew it just feels bad
to say you're rewriting something
'cause you know everyone's instinct
when they hear that.
It's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why are you rewriting it?
Like you're from scratch?
No, no, no, no.
That's the biggest thing you don't do.
What was like Joel Sposky or something?
- Yeah, it was original. - Had some lists.
Yeah.
And it's like the commandments of development.
I was like, one of them don't ever rewrite.
But sometimes you have to rewrite.
I mean, for us, it was like an eight year old code base.
And we started stamping.
He's not even knowing what stamp use was.
And like we built half of it.
It was like a spa with React.
And it was embedded in this big Elixir Phoenix app.
So part of it was like server generated,
part of it was client side rendered.
It was just this big mess
that kind of evolved over eight years.
And it's just a lot simpler.
Like if you look at the code base
that we've built now with SST and Astro
compared to the existing code base,
it's just insane how much less there is there.
And it's just gonna be so much easier to work with
as we build out new stuff.
So yeah, it was the right move for us.
It does feel bad to say it.
And it feels like there's too much nuance
to have that conversation publicly.
Yeah, I spent a lot of time in B2B.
And it occurred to me at one point
that I've seen so many cases where you'll have a company
that is an incumbent.
Like they've done really well
and they like kind of own a market.
But their product is just getting worse and worse
'cause it's just built on top of just not good.
And they never do the rewrite because it's bad.
It's hard to get buy in for that.
It's like very resistant to like eat the cost there.
But you know what happens?
A competitor does the rewrites.
Someone new starts from ground up.
Does the rewrite they should have done?
And they like slowly just chip away at it.
And every B2B shift happens in this exit.
Almost every single one I've ever seen has been like this.
Like I worked at a company that made software for salons.
And everyone uses this thing called mind body.
It's super old, super terrible.
But they just had the whole market share
and it took this new company a while
to get to feature parity.
Maybe like two to three years.
But the moment they were at feature parity,
it was just like 100% of the market was switching.
Like everyone was just switching over.
So, and there's nothing the other company could do
at that point.
So if you don't rewrite it at some point,
like your competitor will just do it for you.
- Yeah, that's great.
I never considered that.
Like there's a point on the horizon
where someone's gonna rewrite it.
It better be you.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Huh.
- Still wanna re-validate, we should talk about that.
- Yeah.
- Just briefly.
- Well, you broke the news yesterday,
which I was like, I can't believe Adam,
'cause we were both, so for context,
there is a caching feature in CDNs.
That CDNs are supposed to support.
It's called still wanna revalidate.
Basically, it makes it so if it catches something,
the next request that comes in,
it'll serve the cache version.
But if it's like this is too old
in the background, it'll refetch it.
So no one ever experiences a slow load,
which is a really nice feature
in Vercel, like built their own version of this
and they call it ISR and people love it.
But CloudFront has never supported this,
even though the spec has been out for like,
I think, I was trying to look,
I think the spec for this has been out for like,
maybe a decade almost.
It's been around for a while.
- Fastly had it in 2014, like implemented.
- Oh, okay.
Yeah, exactly.
So it's almost 10 years where it's been available
and they haven't had it.
And me and Adam have just kept checking,
like is it out?
Is it out?
Adam needed it for stat Muse.
We needed it for next year's support,
'cause we didn't wanna support ISR
and we're like, this is the way 'til they get SLB-R.
Every single day, we're talking.
Like when are they gonna go?
We talked to the CloudFront team,
they're like, oh, it's coming soon, it's coming soon.
And then somehow you were the one that saw it and posted it.
- So here's the thing.
I got a DM, my guy DM'd me.
You guys, you're gonna let you down.
But the thing is, it's in all those aggregators.
If anybody had just been watching the RSS feed
for like AWS news, they would have seen it, right?
It was in that big feed, I'm sure.
So I wasn't like, I was that special for breaking it,
but I was special for breaking it before you.
- But was it that day, like you posted it yesterday
and was that the day they posted it?
- Yeah, yeah, I linked to the public article.
He just DM'd it to me and was like, it's live.
I think I was part of the reason I was,
well, except it's so bad.
- Mr. AWS hero over here pulling the strings.
- No, I was one of the people
that requested the feature originally.
Like when I spoke about this with this person,
it was like, yeah, we could get that on our roadmap
and I don't know that I was the reason they built it,
but I was one of the contributing factors.
I'm pretty sure that was product feedback.
- Very nice.
- Maybe not.
- Good work.
- Or maybe it's actually from the forums, I don't know.
But I know that CloudFlare has had a bad implementation
for some time.
Like, did you know this?
They sort of support it, but it's not correct to spec.
- I didn't know that, that's good to know.
- Yeah, they thought they implemented it, but it's not right.
- There's some stuff with CloudFlare
where like, it's such a good platform, but
I have seen CloudFront surprisingly outperform it
in a bunch of cases.
- Well, the Vercel stuff, right?
Like all your Vercel benchmarking.
- Yeah.
- That's sort of pitting AWS against CloudFlare, right?
- Well, sort of, I would say not really,
I think all the issues that came from the Vercel Edge,
like all the slowness that came from the Vercel Edge stuff
was probably on the Vercel side.
They must be doing additional stuff
because people said that when they use CloudFlare directly,
it's like crazy good performance,
which is what I'd expect.
- Yeah, do we want to explain what it is?
To anybody?
- No, I kind of did.
- No.
(laughing)
- Oh yeah, you did, you said it was stale.
I was totally listening.
- Day of wallet rebalidate.
Wait, no, what was it?
- Sometimes, can I just say this, Dax?
Sometimes you just don't have it, you know?
I feel like this episode, we just,
sometimes you just don't have your A-game,
and I don't think we had it today.
That's okay.
Sometimes you just gotta phone it in, you know?
Gotta get an episode out there.
(laughing)
Just a lot of things about this episode I could do without.
Just things I said, not things you said,
well, some of the things you said.
(laughing)
It is what it is.
- Okay, well, some of our validate is out.
It's good, go use it.
- It's good, it's on CloudFront.
To me, it means like Next.js just lost
a differentiating feature to all the other frameworks.
Like, if you deploy with SST,
you can deploy any of those web frameworks,
Solid Start, Astro, SvelteKit, whatever, even Next.js.
And now, there's one less thing that Next.js had
that it's not special anymore.
Like, all those frameworks have that feature now.
And it was a huge feature for me.
I mean, for things I build, it was important to me.
And now, granted, it's use case specific.
Like, if you're not building something
where that feature matters,
and you've probably never heard of it, and you don't care.
But it is really nice.
And to have that now in all these frameworks,
I think it's pretty cool.
- Nice.
- Anyway, wow, this, okay, let's just stop the bleeding.
Let's just end this episode.
- Okay.
(laughing)
- Work it to any worse.
We'll try again next time to X.
- All right.
- Are you really just gonna say, all right,
you're not gonna acknowledge anything, just like, help me?
- I don't know.
(laughing)
I said everything that I, what's there to say after that?
- That you already thought.
Okay.
Well, do you agree?
I can't really tell if you agree.
- I thought this was okay.
We just didn't have a lot of stuff to talk about,
but I think the stuff we talked about was good.
Just not gonna be super long.
- The next one, though, that we're gonna record
right after this one.
We're sure, like, how it's gonna be better.
It's gonna go, yeah, it's gonna go so much better.
- Okay.
- Well, I haven't eaten anything yet today,
so I'm gonna blame it on that. - Oh, that's the problem.
- And wake myself up.
- Okay, good idea.
I'm gonna grab a Lara bar,
and I didn't end recording yet.
This is, okay, this is a terrible finish.
(upbeat music)